A let's go ahead and let's actually get our accordion.
So we're all going to get accordion accordion are actually going to get from Jake worry you want which
is basically built on top of the actual Jake.
All right.
So it's all kinds of nice gooey widgets here for a user interface right.
That's actually built on top of the typical Drake way.
And first we can actually go and see or hear.
We have the mouse right if we would want whether it's Dragon Ball drop or ball resize and we all going
to be actually using.
Like I said again accordion or here right.
So this is what we are interested in getting this accordion.
And we're also going to be using a little bit later progress bars on it like this.
So this is going to be another interesting part right but forever what we need right now.
Right.
We can just go back over here and we're going to need accordion but we obviously need to download it
right.
And we again have two options here.
Right.
If we go with an actual download or we can get a CDN.
So here you go and then this is going to be a where we are here why CDN and let's say go.
Right.
So it's going to go here to a host of libraries.
And in this case we have two things.
All right we just we have a genius on here and this is for the mobile but we need it for you.
So first things first we're going to get a javascript here.
So we're just going to copy this guy over here and we're going to go back to index HD and now scroll
all the way to the bottom and let's say on here this is going to be our script.
This is going to be horizonal right.
But over here let's say these are going to be all our CD-ROMs.
So this is going to say that this is going to be a quirky UI CDN on here.
Copy and paste this is going to be first the google ones.
So let's say when.
But like I said we need to assess and because it's using the things so we're all going to go back out
here.
Copy this and now this one we need to go all the way to the top.
And again after let's say Google fonts let's make a query a y.
C Ss Let's see a CD and CD and then or here again we're going to copy and paste this.
And now we have it.
So now the accordion works.
Right.
And again the best way is to actually go ahead and let's say we're going to go with a Demos find whereas
accordion and or here you can see that right away we have a new source right where we have documentation
and let's say these are or here are going to be the examples right.
But we're going to start with the most basic one.
So we're going to go back over here you can see it right away gives you the source and the key here
is this.
Right.
So basically we need to have a div right now.
Again like I said we could have named ours ones whatever we want.
I just went with the same one just so you understand how everything works right.
And what we need is a section.
And over here Dave S. and they are here they placed the paragraph but it doesn't really matter how we
do it.
All right then after that like I said you can see here that you have a script right.
So obviously you also need to join equerry which we've already done before and on here this is going
to be the UI J.S. and you I see.
SS Right.
What we care about over here is this little accordion.
Right.
So what we're going to say here this is going to be a accordion here and you can just copy and where
we can copy this right.
And we're actually going to copy it in our script.
I remember the script when we had for the slide.
All right.
Going to make a comment and say Right because this is still Geck worry.
And this is still javascript.
We saved this one over here.
Now I can see right away we have a recording on it.
Now we know that everything is work now a second would work the same thing here if we would have a Firefox
right.
So let's refresh here.
Right.
And this is going to be our accordion.
And you can see how many things right happened by default.
Right.
So technically if you're happy with this right you can actually live like this right.
You know right away you got the accordion and everything is work.
However what we all want is we would want to style it all right and how we would actually style this
or here we're going to go back to Google.
Right.
And this is going to be the recording.
Right so again we can refresh because we have saved this right and again of course.
Now if I go to Google of all particles and I'm going to say inspect on here notice something interation
right.
You have a heading three here.
You buy accordion Hetter And then if we go to the Dave read this is going to be UI accordion content.
Right.
And you can see that there are already styles applied and why I'm showing you this right.
Because remember when we had over here we can call the script.
Remember these guys you buy accordion and you can see that I actually didn't spell it correctly accordion
or like this or here here we have accordion content right.
This is the best way how we can actually style it.
And because we already have a preset classes now there's one thing here.
So let's say that we're going to start styling them and I'm just going to say first things first putting
20 pixels on it for the head.
And exit and nothing happens.
Well or if I do this important or you're doing this and then if we actually say it and you can see that
I didn't spell important and now everything works right now the padding actually got bigger because
we need to use or hear what is important and then we'll there's going to be a couple things and we're
all going to do we're all going to say text a line and we're going to say Center then or here we're
going to say a background.
And again for the background we're going to say this is going to be Aztek F F C and have a 9 1 for we
hear an exclamation more important like this.
And again you can see now everything is working.
Then we're going to have a color that 0 0 and then is going to be a and then we're going to have a 7
see or hear one and this again exclamation got important like this.
And I can see that text is working.
Then we're going to have a text transform.
This is going to be a capitalize on this.
Then after that we're going to have a font size font size and Fonzo is going to be 25 pixels.
Again we need to use important here now everything is working the font size.
Maybe that's a little bit too drastic.
Let's just go with 20 more here.
Then after that we'll have a margin 5 pixels right and zero.
And again we're going to use important like this.
We're going to have the actual border and again we're going to have a let's say two pixels solid.
And again we're going to use the color of blue.
So hash tag 00 array and seven e one here.
And again we're going to use a.
Important here and this.
And then we have a border radius for eight years and this is going to be 10 pixels here or here and
we're going to say how important important right now I've got the board of ideas.
Now the next thing that we would want is accordion content.
And so this is going to be these guys right whatever we're clicking and it's actually appearing.
So what we're going to do or here we're going to say a background in this tag be an hour here then we're
going to say 5 C then we're going to have a to b seven to be an order so that after that we would want
a padding.
So I'm separating 20 pixels here and now again we need to use a.
Important on this.
Now we get the padding.
Then we have a line height one point eight here.
Then we have a color hashtag.
And this is going to be EF 5 EF 3 or 5.
And then we need border radios some more radios.
And over here we're going to say 10 pixels on this right and you can see that in more than a radius
what anyone.
Right now when we have our styles here.
Right.
And now we can close it right now just remember these two classes right.
This is the whole faster way how to actually styled them.
All right.
We can go back over here.
We can refresh.
And then let's look at one more thing we're here and how we can actually make this accordion slide let's
say slower.
So we're going to we're going to have a quorum note here we can just go back over here and we have a
few options right.
Can First of all just look at API documentation right.
And you can see or here we have eight classes methods and events.
Right.
And what we need on here is that Sanomat.
Well it says pretty simple right.
We have a quorum and we have an image.
So let's go back over here to our script and the script is going to be here.
We have a calling.
So what we need to do is have a curly braces right because we're creating an object.
I'm going to say animate here and now again the number is actually going to be how many seconds.
So let's say let's start with the really small one right.
So four 4000 milliseconds which is as you can see this is going to be four seconds that's how long is
is going I think.
Obviously that's a little bit drastic.
So let's go with like one second here like this.
Right.
And now I can see as I'm clicking now it's going to take one second and this is how we can make or hear
this about section with an accordion.
And like I said the chording is from Jake worry you why that is built on top of a jack worry.
All right well we need to do is download the javascript CD and or file or see a size CVN or file file
or here once we're done.
I actually have two classes to work with.
Right.
Or here like this.
Right so accordion head an accordion content and that's how we can make an accordion well here in this
section.